# Hatalmas Vadonban
## Regional Overview
Although officially the Felemelte lay claim only to the lands occupied by their established settlements, in practice they often treat all the lands south of their northern border with the Lucid Wastes and east of the __INSERT MOUNTAIN RANGE NAME HERE__ as their sovereign territory, extending as far as __INSERT LAKE NAME HERE__ in the south of the continent. The lands that fall within these natural boundaries are predominantly heavily forested, criss-crossed by a plethora of freshwater rivers and dotted with lakes, but also includes stretches of fertile, farmable plains and marsh or wetlands. Although vast swaths of the territory remain unsurveyed, it is suspected to contain a vast wealth of untapped natural resources beyond the Felemelte's revered deposits of crystal ore.

The region experiences the full breadth of seasons from spring to winter per annum, with temperatures typically peaking in the high thirties to low forties in degrees centigrade (high nineties to one hundred and twelve degrees farenheit) during the summer and dropping to as low as negative forty-five degrees centigrade (negative fort-nine farenheit) at the height of winter. Precipitation typically takes the form of rain, sleet, or snow, with thunder and hailstorms occuring with comparatively low frequency. Corrosive precipitation formed over the Lucid Wastes is typically buffered by the __INSERT MOUNTAIN RANGE NAME AGAIN HERE__ or falls along the northern coastline.
Owing to its climate, Hatalmas Vadonban experiences annual forest fires, periods of drought, and, averaging one per five years, severe ice storms. Flooding regularly occurs in regions of poor drainage during heavy rainfall. Tropical storms and hurricanes coming from the south typically hit landfall outside of the region and are reduced to moderate-to-heavy storms by the time they reach populated areas of the region, though some passages of Felemeltean oral history suggest that at least one hurricane of considerable strength struck the region following their cultural emergence. From a techtonic standpoint, the region is stable and landquakes are virtually unheard of.
